Question 3: Containers
When is it appropriate to use containers in cloud deployments, and what are the security benefits of doing so?


Provide a Concrete Example Scenario

In Project 1, when did you use containers?
I used the container to access to Web-1-2. and to install docker.



What did you use containers for?
I use the container to run ansible-playbook, make configurations.


Explain the Solution Requirements

Why was this an appropriate use for containers?
Becuase instead of doing on every computer you have on a network, you can just run it on one computer to save time

What security benefits did you expect from using containers?
The security benefits of using the containers are
Eaasy updates: with docker containers, its easy to keep your application up to date by pulling the latest images from whichever registry you use. It's also easy to patch any vulnerabilities quickly
Smaller attach surface: with containers, you only need to secure the hosts, the Docker daemon( which is much small than a regular vm). This makes the containers have a smaller attack surfaces.
modularity: If you are using the containers to host a microservices application, you can link security problems to specfic microservices. This will make it easier to find and resolve vulnerabilities.


Explain the Solution Details

In Project 1, how did you configure VMs to be able to run containers?
I added the VMS private IP to the Hosts file in /etc/ansible

How did you select and install the correct container?
i install the container through ansible playbook. 
How did you verify that it was running correctly?
I ran the command sudo docker ps to check to see if its running correctly


Identify Advantages/Disadvantages of the Solution

How would you have achieved the same thing without containers?
I would run each of the command line by line on all of the VMs
What are the advantages to doing it without containers?
Doing it without containers means you have access to more tools, less complicated networking.

What are the disadvantages?
they can be less secure and they can require complicated networking. sometimes it might not be reliable